README.md, before:

# Kubernetes Ingress [![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/github/license/anveshmuppeda/kubernetes-ingress?color=blue)](https://github.com/anveshmuppeda/kubernetes-ingress/blob/main/LICENSE)

### Introduction:  

Welcome to our blog series on Kubernetes Ingress! In this series, we'll dive deep into one of Kubernetes' most powerful features: Ingress. As Kubernetes continues to dominate the container orchestration landscape, understanding how to efficiently manage inbound traffic to your applications becomes crucial.  

Ingress is a Kubernetes resource that provides external access to services within a cluster. It acts as a traffic controller, allowing you to route HTTP and HTTPS traffic to different services based on various criteria. However, despite its importance, Ingress can be complex and intimidating for beginners.  

That's where this blog series comes in. We'll break down the concepts behind Kubernetes Ingress, explore its various capabilities, and guide you through practical examples and best practices. Whether you're a Kubernetes novice or a seasoned pro, our goal is to demystify Ingress and empower you to harness its full potential.  

In the upcoming posts, we'll cover topics such as:  

1. **An Introduction to Kubernetes Ingress**: Understanding the basics of Ingress and its role in Kubernetes networking.  
2. **Ingress Controllers**: Exploring different types of Ingress controllers and how they integrate with Kubernetes clusters.   
3. **Routing Traffic with Ingress Rules**: Leveraging Ingress resources to define routing rules and manage traffic flow.  
4. **Securing Ingress with TLS**: Implementing Transport Layer Security (TLS) encryption for secure communication.  
5. **Advanced Ingress Features**: Delving into advanced capabilities such as path-based routing, rewrite rules, and load balancing.  

Whether you're deploying applications in a production environment or experimenting with Kubernetes in a sandbox, understanding Ingress is essential for managing external access efficiently. Join us on this journey as we unravel the complexities of Kubernetes Ingress and empower you to build resilient and scalable applications in Kubernetes environments.  

---  

## Project Maintainers & Contributors  
<table>
  <tr>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://anveshmuppeda.github.io/profile/"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/115966808?v=4" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>Anvesh Muppeda</b></sub></a></td>
  </tr>
</table>

Commit message:

Updating the canary deployment handson and main readme

README.md, after:

# Kubernetes Ingress [![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/github/license/anveshmuppeda/kubernetes-ingress?color=blue)](https://github.com/anveshmuppeda/kubernetes-ingress/blob/main/LICENSE)

### Introduction:  

Welcome to our blog series on Kubernetes Ingress! In this series, we'll dive deep into one of Kubernetes' most powerful features: Ingress. As Kubernetes continues to dominate the container orchestration landscape, understanding how to efficiently manage inbound traffic to your applications becomes crucial.  

Ingress is a Kubernetes resource that provides external access to services within a cluster. It acts as a traffic controller, allowing you to route HTTP and HTTPS traffic to different services based on various criteria. However, despite its importance, Ingress can be complex and intimidating for beginners.  

That's where this blog series comes in. We'll break down the concepts behind Kubernetes Ingress, explore its various capabilities, and guide you through practical examples and best practices. Whether you're a Kubernetes novice or a seasoned pro, our goal is to demystify Ingress and empower you to harness its full potential.  

## Blogs List  
PART 1: [⎈ Mastering Kubernetes Ingress ⎈](https://medium.com/@muppedaanvesh/mastering-kubernetes-ingress-2c86ae412e79)  
PART 2: [⎈ A Hands-On Guide to Kubernetes Ingress Nginx PART-2 🚀](https://medium.com/@muppedaanvesh/a-hands-on-guide-to-kubernetes-ingress-nginx-7c4c5b45eb89)  
PART 3: [🛤️ Exploring Types of Routing-Based Ingresses in Kubernetes ⎈](https://medium.com/@muppedaanvesh/%EF%B8%8F-exploring-types-of-routing-based-ingresses-in-kubernetes-da56f51b3a6b)  
PART 4: [🔒 Secure Your Kubernetes Apps: Hands-On Basic Authentication with Ingress ⎈](https://medium.com/@muppedaanvesh/secure-your-kubernetes-apps-hands-on-basic-authentication-with-ingress-55bc6dfeb1e5)  
PART 5: [🛡️ Kubernetes Ingress - HTTP to HTTPS with Self-Signed Certificates 🔐](https://medium.com/@muppedaanvesh/%EF%B8%8F-kubernetes-ingress-transitioning-to-https-with-self-signed-certificates-0c7ab0231e76)  
PART 6: 🐤 Implementing Canary Deployment in Kubernetes ⎈

Whether you're deploying applications in a production environment or experimenting with Kubernetes in a sandbox, understanding Ingress is essential for managing external access efficiently. Join us on this journey as we unravel the complexities of Kubernetes Ingress and empower you to build resilient and scalable applications in Kubernetes environments.  

---  

## Project Maintainers & Contributors  
<table>
  <tr>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://anveshmuppeda.github.io/profile/"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/115966808?v=4" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>Anvesh Muppeda</b></sub></a></td>
  </tr>
</table>
